frontend/README.md, before:

# Create T3 App

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

- [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
- [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

Commit message:

Enhance audio and image generation error handling; implement credit system for song generation
- Added try-catch blocks in `MusicGenServer` for audio and thumbnail generation to handle errors gracefully and ensure temporary files are removed.
- Introduced a credit system in the frontend, requiring users to have sufficient credits to generate songs, with appropriate error messages for insufficient credits.
- Updated user model to include `isAdmin` and `plan` fields, and added a new `PolarOrderEvent` model for webhook processing.
- Created admin actions for managing user credits and implemented a pricing page to outline subscription tiers and features.
- Enhanced the song generation logic to calculate costs based on user plan and audio duration, ensuring users are charged correctly for song generations.

frontend/README.md, after:

# MusicGenerator frontend

Next.js app for the MusicGenerator SaaS. Handles auth, billing, song creation, playback, and admin tools.

## Deployment

### Environment variables

See `.env.example` in the repo root for the complete list. At minimum you need:

- `DATABASE_URL`
- `MODAL_KEY`, `MODAL_SECRET`
- `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_REGION`, `S3_BUCKET_NAME`
- `GENERATE_FROM_DESCRIPTION`, `GENERATE_FROM_DESCRIBED_LYRICS`, `GENERATE_WITH_LYRICS`
- `BETTER_AUTH_SECRET`
- `POLAR_ACCESS_TOKEN`, `POLAR_WEBHOOK_SECRET`

### Steps

1. Push the database schema:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   pnpm db:push
   ```

2. Deploy the Next.js app (e.g. to Vercel) with the env vars above.

3. Deploy the Modal backend (see root `README.md`) and paste the generated endpoint URLs into your frontend `.env`.

4. Configure Polar products (matching the product IDs in `src/lib/auth.ts`) and point Polar webhooks to your deployed `/api/auth` route.

5. Start Inngest in your deployment platform or via their cloud offering.

Once deployed, new users can sign up on the marketing homepage, receive free credits, and upgrade via Polar checkout to unlock higher tiers and more credits.
